feat: adding golden context to apps [TRANS-00] (#10958)
contentful/apps: apps/iterable/AGENTS.md

# Agent Guide — iterable

## What This App Does

> Integrates Contentful with Iterable (marketing automation platform). Lets editors link Contentful entries to Iterable campaigns and push content updates to Iterable from the Entry Sidebar.

Reviewer: This can be a bit more accurate:
```suggestion
Integrates Contentful with Iterable (marketing automation platform). Generates campaign-ready links from entry data, so editors can copy and share them from the Entry Sidebar. 
```
